# Lab 4

In this lab, I attempted to work with csv data to create a histogram of route distances. Unfortunately, I was unable to complete this assignment. I was only able to complete the first challenge. The airport data that I downloaded did not have field names and instead assigned the first row to the field names. This is probably due to how I downloaded the data. When I tried to download the .csv file, it did so as a text file (airports.dat.txt). This would not work in my code so I instead saved it as a .csv file (airports.csv). At the time I was unaware, but as a result, the first line in the file became the field names for the airports.csv file (1,"Goroka Airport","Goroka","Papua New Guinea","GKA","AYGA",-6.081689834590001,145.391998291,5282,10,"U","Pacific/Port_Moresby","airport","OurAirports"). I tried to find the file with field names and even tried guessing what they could be before realizing that my input csv was missing the field names. So even if I was able to find the copy of the file alluded to in the hint of challenge 2 (which I couldn't find), it wouldn't have matched. As time ran out for me to submit this assignment, I tried to use the field names that were assigned; 1 and -6.081689834590001.
While this started to look like I might be able to put something together, I ran out of time. I already used my @#$! happens clause so this will have to be all I submit for this assignment. Also, I wanted to mention that on moodle it says that I am submitting this over a day late for some reason. 

## Challenge 1:

For this challenge I was asked to print a list of all airports in a particular country. I chose Poland as the country and added an if statement to the for loop to compare the entry in the 4th column to the string "Poland". If the if statement was satisfied, the airport name would be printed. 
